
                                        We are pleased to present this 1 bed property in Hackney.
It is £290 pw
Property features:
- cooker, fridge and more
- good sized property
- separate fitted kitchen
DSS with guarantor accepted for this property
The property is close to all local amenities, shops, restaurants etc. Bills are included with the rent price. One-month rent, one-month deposit and agency fees apply. For more information please give us a call.
                                    

                                        * no admin fees * 2 bed 4th (top) floor with lift in Wetherby Mansion, Earl's Court Square SW5. 5 mins from tube station. Unfurnished. Newly painted and carpeted. Now available. Offered on a lonog let. Employment ref required.
                                    

                                        Lords Property are pleased to offer this spacious 4 Bedroom Flat in the heart of Enfield Town, EN2
4 Bedroom Flat situated within a short walk from Enfield Town Shopping Centre and Network Railway station.
Shops and amenities at doorstep!
*Council Tax included in the rent
Gas Central Heating
Double Glazed Windows
2 Floors
Part Furnished
Call now to view!
                                    

                                        Property Hunters are pleased to offer this large newly refurbed 4/5 bedroom house to rent in forest gate for £2100PCM all bills separate !
Property is close to all amenities and public transport.
Very close to the station!
Key Features Include:
• Large Kitchen Diner
• Two Triple Rooms (One with a walk in wardrobe or small office space)
• Two Double Rooms
• Finished To A High Standard
• 2 Toilets - Upstairs / Downstairs
• Separate Reception (Can be used as a bedroom)
• Large Garden
• Kitchen Diner
great for working professional sharers or families !
£2100 pcm
Available Now !
Property is A must see!
Call to book a viewing:
Office: Mobile: Mobile: Mobile: Mobile:
                                    

                                        We are pleased to offer this large stylish two bedroom duplex apartment set in this warehouse conversion. Property offers a bright reception room, fully fitted kitchen with a granite surface, contemporary bathroom, additional w.c and two double bedrooms. Further benefits include wood floors throughout, good storage space, triple glazed, underfloor heating and access to residents roof garden. Property is within walking distance to Dollis Hill Underground (Jubilee Line - Zone 3) and Neasden Underground (Jubilee Line). Available 3rd July, offered furnished/unfurnished. Call Woodhouse Estates on to arrange viewings. Fees apply
                                    

                                        * no tenant admin fees * Newly refurbished, 2 bed, 2 bath 2nd floor flat in Crossford Street ideally located just 5 mins from Stockwell Tube Station (Northern & Victoria) close by to Lambeth Hospital.
Balcony, Wood floors. Fully fitted kitchen with dish washer and washing machine. Offered part furnished. Now available!. Offered on a long let for professionals.
                                    

                                        • 2 Double bedroom Apartment (Fully furnished) in Icon building, Ilford available for rent on the Top floor of this luxury tower.
• The property benefits from Lounge with Open Plan Kitchen (2 sofas 3+2, dining table)
• Integrated luxury kitchen ( granite work top, dishwasher, Fridge freezer, Oven, Microwave)
• Master Double Bedroom with En-suite
• Second Double Bedroom with family Bathroom
• One Store Room
• Private balcony
• 24 hour security and concierge
• Video door phone
                                    

                                        Property Hunters are pleased to offer this large newly refurbed 4/5 bedroom house to rent in forest gate for £2100PCM all bills separate !
Property is close to all amenities and public transport.
Very close to the station!
Key Features Include:
• Large Kitchen Diner
• Two Triple Rooms (One with a walk in wardrobe or small office space)
• Two Double Rooms
• Finished To A High Standard
• 2 Toilets - Upstairs / Downstairs
• Separate Reception (Can be used as a bedroom)
• Large Garden
• Kitchen Diner
great for working professional sharers or families !
£2100 pcm
Available Now !
Property is A must see!
Call to book a viewing:
Office: Mobile: Mobile: Mobile: Mobile:
                                    

                                        Available Now! Elms Estates are pleased to offer To Let this one bedroom maisonette located within a gated development on Whiting Avenue.
This property offers good access to Barking Station, as well as other local amenities and transport links.
With the benefit of secure outside space, local leisure facilities and the array of shopping and dining opportunists Barking has to offer, We're sure this property will not be available for long! Call now to avoid avoid disappointment.
Reception
Kitchen
Bedroom
Bathroom

                                    

                                        One Bedroom Apartment with Direct Water Views located at Canary Gateway a canal side development, benefiting from wooden flooring in the living areas, designer kitchen, tiled bathroom with power shower and outside space..No Tenant Fees Payable!
                                    

                                        Dickinson Estate Agents are pleased to offer this beautiful 2 Bed ground floor flat. Recently refurbished and in excellent condition located on the borders of Mitcham/Norbury/Streatham. Everything in the flat is well decorated to a very good spec. It also boasts a private garden and free off street car parking. With plenty of natural light, the flat has a bright and airy feel to it.
There is double glazing throughout with laminate flooring in all living areas.
Public transport, supermarkets and amenities are within a few minutes’ walk with very easy reach of Streatham Common Station, Norbury Station and Mitcham Eastfields Station.
The flat comprises of:
Entrance Hallway;
Spacious Living / Dining area;
2 double Bedrooms;
Kitchen with fully integrated appliances including Hob, Oven and Washing Machine;
Fully tiled Bathroom consisting of a bath with shower hose, wash basin with a vanity cabinet, toilet;
There are plenty of power points throughout the flat including built in usb ports for smart phone charging;
Looking for professionals in full time employment- single(s), flatshare, couple or family.
                                    

                                        Cosmo Estates in partnership with Mclaren Specter International Real Estate is proud to offer this flat boasts a long lease 104 years and fabulous double reception/dining room with traditional high ceilings & wooden floors. The property further offers two double bedroom suites as well as benefiting from a stylish eat in kitchen which opens onto a private balcony overlooking the patio garden.
Located towards the favoured western end of Eaton Place is a broad residential street in the heart of Belgravia within easy walking distance of the world-famous shops in Sloane Street and Knightsbridge, including Harvey Nichols. Sloane Square, with its excellent restaurants and underground station, is also close by.
                                    

                                        Excellent Brand New Ground Floor Flat situated in Highgate moments from the tube station and Highgate Woods also easy access to village just of the Archway Rd & Bishops Rd corner. This apartment is situated on the ground floor on this New Development and via access from the main building entrance. It has a small patio. Show Flat fully Furnished as pictures. Two double bedrooms with two bathrooms and a large size open plan lounge diner. Fully kited kitchen and interior designed and fully furnished available Soon. Do not Miss. Viewing recommended.
                                    

                                        Large 2 Double Bedroom Flat In Maida Vale With Parking And Own Entrance
2 Bedrooms :
All Large double bedrooms
Lovely Large Kitchen / Lounge Area - With French Doors Leading to A Private Garden
All modern high quality kitchen appliance
The Ground floor flat, has its own entrance and parking space
1 Main Bathroom
Location :
Close to Maida Vale Tube Station - Only 10 Mins Walk And Also To Warwick Avenue Tube Station
Close to Paddington Recreation Ground and all the bars and cafes on Elgin Avenue and the surrounding areas
Westminster Council Tax - One Of The Lowest Council Taxes In The Country
                                    

                                        A very well located three bedroom terrace house located in an ever popular and quiet road in Barnes.
This popular and good size style property built circa 1920 comprises; large entrance hall, lounge with original fireplace, open plan kitchen and dining room with patio doors leading to enclosed rear garden, two double bedrooms and one single bedroom, and large bathroom with shower.
In addition the property benefits from; redecorated in neutral decor through out, gas central heating throughout, double glazing and a private rear garden. This property offers fantastic living space for families and couples.
Situated within a short walk of Barnes mainline station, White Hart Lane, close to Richmond Park and local shopping in East Sheen this is a much sought after and desirable location.
Available 15th July 2019 and is offered Unfurnished with white goods.
*Please note all dimensions and descriptions are to be used as a guide only by any prospective tenant and do not constitute representations of fact or form part of any offer or contract.
                                    

                                        Launching soon
A stunning collection of two-bedroom apartments and duplexes for rent within a wider regeneration project that will transform Acton Central and revitalise the local area.
Prices starting from:
£1,400pcm for one bedroom apartments
£1,650pcm for two bedroom apartments
£1,900pcm for three bedroom apartments
Every home benefits from a streamlined fitted kitchen with a dishwasher, washer/dryer and fridge/freezer discreetly tucked away. The bathroom features stylish contemporary units, a powerful shower and attractive tiling. Bedrooms and living areas are airy and spacious with oversized windows that allow generous access to natural light. All homes have their own balconies or patios.
The development is part of a wider regeneration project which is transforming West London to make it an even more desirable place to live. The project includes a major new shopping centre – The Oaks – and will be further enhanced by a nearby Crossrail Station, providing high speed rail services.
Please note that parking is available at an additional cost on selected units.
Furniture packages are available at an additional cost.
Contact us on or email us on to register your interest.
                                    

                                        This Brand New apartment part of a new development built by Inspired Homes is Available from June 1st. Ingeniously designed high spec living space located in the heart of Sutton, complete with Solid wooden floors, Bosch kitchen appliances and Villeroy & Boch sanitary-ware, be the first to live in this luxurious accommodation.
Just 1 minute walk from Sutton station and 5 minutes walk from Sutton Town centre, Sutton Court is located in the ideal location. Across the road from the building is Manor Park for those who like to enjoy walks outdoors. Sutton is known for being one of London's most greenest and safest places to live with no fewer than 16 other parks in the area to choose from.
Great places to visit to include bars, pubs and restaurants such as Brasserie, Vacherin, and The Grumpy Mole. 9 public Libraries and 2 Theatres complete the picture of the vibrant neighbourhood.
For more information contact Ismat...
                                    

                                        2 bedroom lower ground floor apartment situated in a superb location and close to all amenities and transport links and with easy access to the city. The property is offered unfurnished, neutrally decorated throughout, quality fitted open plan kitchen, good size Living Space and bedroom and available 15th July 2019
                                    

                                        This superb three bedroom flat provides a charming location on a quiet residential road close to Willesden tube station, shops and supermarkets and boasts a substantial living space throughout with elegant interiors set over one floor including two bathrooms
                                    

                                        Launching soon
A stunning collection of two-bedroom apartments and duplexes for rent within a wider regeneration project that will transform Acton Central and revitalise the local area.
Prices starting from:
£1,400pcm for one bedroom apartments
£1,650pcm for two bedroom apartments
£1,900pcm for three bedroom apartments
Every home benefits from a streamlined fitted kitchen with a dishwasher, washer/dryer and fridge/freezer discreetly tucked away. The bathroom features stylish contemporary units, a powerful shower and attractive tiling. Bedrooms and living areas are airy and spacious with oversized windows that allow generous access to natural light. All homes have their own balconies or patios.
The development is part of a wider regeneration project which is transforming West London to make it an even more desirable place to live. The project includes a major new shopping centre – The Oaks – and will be further enhanced by a nearby Crossrail Station, providing high speed rail services.
Please note that parking is available at an additional cost on selected units.
Furniture packages are available at an additional cost.
Contact us on or email us on to register your interest.
                                    

                                        A Fabulously presented 2 double bedroom first floor apartment. Availalbe unfirnished but with appliances in the kitchen this really spacious property also benefits from central heating, double glazing, a large bathroom and bright lounge. It also has gated parking and is ideally located within easy reach of both Petts Wood & Orpington town centres and public tansport, EPC Band C
                                    

                                        Cosmo Estates are proud to offer this 3 Bedroom flat in Edgware
This property comprises of: Two good sized single Bedrooms and 1 double bedroom, 1 Bathroom and 1 Reception.
The property is located in Edgware and is close to all local amenities e.g
Hendon Mosque
St Patricks Church
Hand full of takeaways
Sainsbury/ Petrol station
Royal mail
and Pets at home
It is also located near schools like Beis Soroh Schneirer school and Unity Girl high school
For more information or to book a viewing please call or email Cosmo Estates
(Please email if you want to see photos)
                                    

                                        2 bedroom first floor apartment with off street parking located within minutes of Surbiton town centre with its range of facilities as well as its popular mainline station to London Waterloo (approx 16 mins)
The property itself benefits from a large lounge (18'5 x 10'6) with separate modern kitchen with gloss units, large master bedroom with dressing area benefiting from built in wardrobes, UPVC double glazed throughout, gfch, modern & stylish bathroom with grey slate effect tiling plus reserved off street parking.
Unfurnished, available June 2019, please call for further details.
                                    

                                        A great family home located close to sought after schools and with easy access to Locksbottom, Bromley and Orpington. Tucked away in a quiet close it offers 4 bedrooms, 2 reception rooms, fitted kitchen, utility room, downstairs wc, family bathroom, en-suite shower room to master bedroom, garage, off street parking and delightful garden.
Unfurnished
EPC Band D
                                    

                                        Property Reference: 2174
No admin or tenancy fees payable!
A well maintained mid terraced property which benefits from having a new boiler. The accommodation in brief comprises of a light and airy lounge with wooden floor, having stairs rising to the first floor, modern fitted kitchen with new fridge/freezer and oven and hob with extractor over, dining area, to the first floor, two double bedrooms and one single bedroom, all with built in wardrobes. The bathroom has a full sized bath and Aqualisa encased shower. Outside, there is a small, neat private garden and garage having electric door.
Deposit is £1,904 which is equivalent to 5 weeks rent.
Sorry, No Pets, No Students,/Benefits, No Smokers.
Sharers Welcome.
Who are we?
Howsy is creating a fairer and more equitable marketplace for renters. We don't charge any fees (that's no referencing, admin, credit check, exit fees or anything else, zero). We'll give you a dashboard to manage your rental, report repairs and chat to us 24/7. We'll work with your landlord to resolve issues fast.
 When calling us, please quote reference: 2174 

                                    

                                        Launching soon
A stunning collection of two-bedroom apartments and duplexes for rent within a wider regeneration project that will transform Acton Central and revitalise the local area.
Prices starting from:
£1,400pcm for one bedroom apartments
£1,650pcm for two bedroom apartments
£1,900pcm for three bedroom apartments
Every home benefits from a streamlined fitted kitchen with a dishwasher, washer/dryer and fridge/freezer discreetly tucked away. The bathroom features stylish contemporary units, a powerful shower and attractive tiling. Bedrooms and living areas are airy and spacious with oversized windows that allow generous access to natural light. All homes have their own balconies or patios.
The development is part of a wider regeneration project which is transforming West London to make it an even more desirable place to live. The project includes a major new shopping centre – The Oaks – and will be further enhanced by a nearby Crossrail Station, providing high speed rail services.
Please note that parking is available at an additional cost on selected units.
Furniture packages are available at an additional cost.
Contact us on or email us on to register your interest.
                                    

                                        Delighted
to offer this lovely three bedroom split level flat set over the 2nd and 3rd floor of this period
conversion. The property comprises three double bedrooms, two modern bathrooms, large and bright reception room, separate eat-in kitchen
and plenty of storage space throughout. Moments away from Maida Vale Tube
Station (Bakerloo Line) and Paddington Recreation Ground. Offered furnished and
available now. Please call to arrange an appointment.
                                    

                                        SW16 are proud to present this beautiful 4 bedrooms family house with garden located in Wimbledon area. The property consists of 4 bedrooms, separate reception room, fully fitted kitchen, private garden and bathroom. Located close to all local amenities and transport links into London.
                                    

                                        LiteBridge Residential presents this stunning studio flat situated between Shepherds Bush and Acton.
The flat comprises of a large fully tiled bathroom, a vast living area with high ceilings and a wide sided open-plan fitted kitchen with all appliances. The studio is fully furnished with new double bed, wardrobe, chest of drawers and table with chairs.
Located on The Vale in Acton this property is conveniently situated on the border of Shepherds Bush and Acton, with easy access to 24 hour bus routes and local amenities such as Tesco's. Also Close to East Acton tube station (Central Line), Acton Central and Shepherds Bush including Westfield Shopping Centre.
Suitable for professional singles or couples.
Available 11th June!
                                    

                                        A centrally located and well presented two double bedroom split level maisonette located on a quiet residential road situated moments from Chiswick High Road and the Turnham Green tube. The property comprises bright reception room with bay window and gas fireplace, large eat in kitchen fitted with all appliances, two double bedrooms (one with fitted wardrobes) and a luxury, fully tiled bathroom. Upham Park Road is well located for all the amenities of Chiswick High Road. Turnham Green is close by and for the motorist the A4/M4 is available for an easy route to Heathrow and to the centre of London.
                                    

                                        Century 21 are pleased to present this Four double bedroom Bungalow located just off Pield Heath Road. The Bungalow itself offers excellent living space complete with an open plan kitchen/reception room, large double bedrooms and two bathrooms, One en-suite. Small rear garden and driveway for 2 cars. Ideal property for professinals or students. A short walk to numerous transport links to Heathropw Airport, Uxbridge Town Centre and surrounding areas. Hillingdon Hospital a short 2 minute walk away.
                                    

                                        A very well presented two bedroom flat that is newly refurbished, and set within a beautiful mansion block, located close to Putney Bridge tube station.
                                    

                                        Three bedroom, three bathroom spilt level flat laid out over the fourth and fifth floor of this period building located in Porchester Court. This property is situated moments from the shops and restaurants of Westbourne Grove and Queensway as well as Bayswater and Queensway underground Station and the vast open spaces of Hyde Park.
The property offers a bright space with period features throughout including large windows which fill the rooms with light. The accommodation comprises spacious lounge, kitchen with a range of base and eye level units, two doubel bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms, further bedroom, shower room and gas central heating.
This property is available immediately on an unfurnished basis. Please do not hesitate to contact us for further information regarding this property.
                                    

                                        Second floor studio located close to Baker Street station and Regents Park. Featuring a large and bright studio room with open-plan kitchen, shower and shared toilet facilities the property further benefits from plenty of storage and large windows providing plenty of natural light. Shared toilet facilities
                                    

                                        SW16 are proud to present this beautiful 4 double bedrooms Town House with front and back garden in South Croydon. The property comprises of 4 double bedrooms, fully fitted separate kitchen and living area, bathrooms, car park. Located close to all local amenities and transport links into London.***Extra cost of £50pcm service charge will apply!***
                                    

                                        We are pleased to offer this lower ground floor Studio conversion situated in a great location in barnsbury and within 5-10 minutes from Highbury & Islington tube. The property is offered either furnished or unfurnished, neutrally decorated throughout with wood floors, modern bathroom and available 27th May 2019. Rent includes council tax and water & wifi
                                    

                                        One double bedroom apartment situated on the third floor of this period property which is located within seconds of Borough Market and London Bridge tube. The apartment comprises open plan living space, large double bedroom and modern bathroom. The apartment has been finished to a good modern standard with neutral decor, wood floors, modern fitted kitchen and good natural light. The property is located within easy reach of the City, Central London and Canary Wharf.
EPC rating: C
                                    

                                        SW16 are proud to present this beautiful 4 bedrooms house with garden in Thornton Heath. The property has 4 double bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, open plan large fully fitted kitchen/diner. The property is within minutes walk to shops and transport links to London.
                                    

                                        2nd floor 1 Bedroom flat on Fordwych Rd near the junction of Mill Lane and Minster Rd.
Ideally located for Kilburn stations Underground and Overground links
Excellent condition. Wood flooring. Reception with open plan kitchen, luxury bathroom
Available from 26th July. Ideally Unfurnished. EPC:C
Reception (16' 5'' x 16' 5'' (5.00m x 5.00m))
5.00m x 5.00m (16' 5" x 16' 5") Wood floors (rug might be needed to keep neighbours happy), 2 sash windows. Open plan kitchen.
Open Plan Kitchen
Fitted wall and base units with wood work top and inset sink unit. 4 ring electric hob and oven and extractor fan. Under counter fridge freezer and washing machine.
Bedroom (11' 6'' x 10' 2'' (3.50m x 3.10m))
3.50m x 3.10m (11' 6" x 10' 2") Window. Wood floors (might need covering with rug)
Bathroom.W c
3 piece suite. Tiled walls and floors. Paneled bath and wash basin with low flush w c.
Outside

                                    

                                        Students welcome.
Offering wooden floors throughout, the apartment comprises of spacious and light reception/dining room, complete with balcony and views over the scenic River Thames. There is an exceptional modern kitchen with integrated appliances, master bedroom with built-in storage and contemporary en-suite shower room and second double bedroom.
Located in the heart of Kingston, the Charter Quay development is popular for many reasons, mainly it's convenient location to both the town centre and the River Thames, but also its 24 hour security and concierge service, free use of a residents gym and both the communal gardens and roof terraces.
Available ......, prompt viewing is highly recommended and by appointment only.
                                    

                                        Nce Groups are proud to present a 5 Bedroom House on Bracey Street, Harringay, N15, Available Now.
The property consists of:
- 5 spacious bedrooms
- Lovely reception
- Polished kitchen
- 2 sparkling clean toilets
- 2 bathrooms (one en-suite and one shared)
- Stunning garden
- Part-Furnished
- Surrounding areas that are only few stops away; Holloway, Archway, Crouch Hill, Harringay and Wood Green
- Near Upper Holloway Station, banks, restaurants, Waitrose, Sainsbury's, theatres, restaurants and other local amenities.
- Full-Time working clients
- Part-Time working clients with a Guarantor.
Please email or call to arrange a viewing, thank you.
                                    

                                        *heating & hot water included in rent*
A spacious, third floor 1 double bedroom apartment in a red-brick Edwardian block. Benefits include a lift, entry-phone system, and the heating/hot-water is included in the rent amount.
The flat is located just 5 minutes walk to Russell Square underground or Kings Cross St Pancras.
Fully furnished and available June 20th 2019.
                                    

                                        A one double bedroom, one bathroom apartment set over the first floor of a Victorian terrace house south of Kings Cross on the borders of Bloomsbury and Clerkenwell. This period property has been recently modernised inside while retaining some of the original features.
There is a secure entry-phone system for access, and the fully tiled bathroom has a shower cabinet. The large double reception with wooden flooring has space for lounge and dining and has light from the sash windows at the front and rear. The kitchen is fully fitted and has fridge-freezer, washing machine and dishwasher.
Very convenient location for travel into the City or the West End with the nearest station being Kings Cross St Pancras Terminus with the Eurostar. Russell Square is a 5 minute walk so the area is very popular with academics and students. The legal district is also very close to Grays Inn and Lincolns Inn.
The Brunswick Centre provides local amenities including Waitrose and a selection of shops and restaurants. Just as close in the other direction is Exmouth Market which has a number of bars and restaurants as does St John Street, Clerkenwell Road and Farringdon.
Furnished and available June 20th 2019.
                                    

                                        Two double bedroom apartment with separate kitchen and access to communal gardens, set on the first floor of a charming period conversion in Bloomsbury, moments from ucl and soas universities.
This delightful and well proportioned apartment offers charming leafy garden views, high ceilings (10'4"), original wooden flooring, a separate kitchen/breakfast room and two double bedrooms, together with a private balcony and access to a communal garden.
Excellent transport links are close by along with the British Museum, Covent Garden and many other West End delights.
Suitable for students and professionals. Reception can be converted into 3rd bedroom with landlord's permission.
                                    

                                        A spacious and well presented one bedroom apartment located in a popular, portered block in Holland Park.
The apartment is on the top floor and comprises a double bedroom, bright reception room, separate fully fitted kitchen, and bathroom. The weekly rent is inclusive of heating and hot water.
Norland Square is a quiet and well maintained garden square with a tennis court. The park is also within easy walking distance. The property is ideally located for a wealth of boutique shops, bars and restaurants along Holland Park Avenue. The nearest underground stations are Holland Park (Central Line), Shepherds Bush Underground Station (Central line), and Shepherds Bush Overground Station.
                                    

                                        
Detailed Description
NewSpace pleased to present this luxurious 4 double bedroom apartment with private courtyard in a private gated development located in Stoke Newington.
The property boasts 4 spacious equal double bedrooms at the expense of the living room, wood floors throughout, a new kitchen, modern bathroom and luxury furnishings. The property also enjoys the benefit of a private courtyard and allocated parking space.
The Property is located just a short distance from Rectory road and Dalston Kingsland overground station. It is also within close proximity to the Kingsland shopping centre providing access to many local amenities.
                                    

                                        Living Space are pleased to offer this recently refurbished studio conversion situated in a superb location in Barnsbury and within 10 minutes from the tube. The property has been finished to a high spec, quality fitted kitchen and shower room, wood floors, neutrally decorated throughout and available now.
                                    

                                        Large double room with en-suite in Thornton Heath. All bills included except electricity. Furnished.
Moving Inn are proud to present this beautiful double room located on Parchmore Road in Thornton Heath.
- Large double room
- En-suite bathroom
- Sharing of kitchen and large garden
- Furnished
- All bills included except electricity
- Wooden floors
- Room is equipped with double bed, wardrobe and fridge
- Good location for Mayday Hospital and West Croydon shopping centres.
- Minutes away from Thornton Heath station which serves Streatham Common, Balham, Clapham Junction, London Victoria, London Bridge and many others
- Great bus service: Bus routes 50,130,198,250,450,663
- Minutes walk to Thornton Heath Leisure Centre, local shops, bars and restaurants
Notice: All photographs are provided for guidance only.
Portuguese and Spanish speakers available in office.
                                    

                                        SW16 are proud to present this two-bedroom apartment offering state of the art living at its very best situated in one of Stratford's if not London's most Iconic buildings Manhattan Loft Gardens. Designed by renowned architects som creators of the Burj Khalifa. Manhattan Loft Gardens comprises of 42 storeys offering three extraordinary sky gardens, 24 hour concierge, onsite residents and guests gym, there are secure lifts to all floors and Ideal transit links from Stratford underground station offering Central Line, Jubilee Line, DLR, Overground and High-speed rail. Ideally located in the heart of the Olympic Park in the East Village and only a short walk to Stratford Station and Westfields.
Apartment comprises of a large living space open plan to kitchen, floor to ceiling windows.
The Master bedroom has built in functional storage and sumptuous carpeting with en suite bathroom with designer fittings/ rainfall shower and bathtub. The second bedroom again has sumptuous carpeting and built in storage plus bathroom.
***Extra cost of £100pcm service charge will apply!***
                                    

                                        SW16 are proud to present this stunning two bedroom maisonette split-level apartment situated within a fantastic development in Pimlico offers modern interiors and benefits from a private balcony and Beautiful communal rooftop terrace, water gardens, Communal gym and 24 hour concierge - lift, porter and underground parking in a fantastic central location. The property benefits of superb two bedroom split-level apartment, Stunning reception room with ample space to dine, Modern kitchen with integrated appliances, Master bedroom with doors to Juliet Balcony and en suite, Good-sized second bedroom. The property is within minutes walk to all the shops you need and good transport links.
                                    

                                        Peter Barry are delighted to offer this two bedroom ground floor apartment situated within a short walk from Enfield Town Shopping Centre and Network Railway station.
Comprises a19ft reception room, fully fitted modern kitchen, tiled bathroom with shower over bath and two substantial bedrooms. Further benefits include off street parking, communal gardens, secure entry phone system. Offered part furnished.
*Tenant fees apply
You may download, store and use the material for your own personal use and research. You may not republish, retransmit, redistribute or otherwise make the material available to any party or make the same available on any website, online service or bulletin board of your own or of any other party or make the same available in hard copy or in any other media without the website owner's express prior written consent. The website owner's copyright must remain on all reproductions of material taken from this website.
                                    

                                        A Spacious One Double Bedroom Garden Flat With Direct Access To A Secluded Patio Along With A 50ft Private Rear Garden All Located In This Quite Tree-Lined Residential Road In the Heart Of Highbury And Short Walk From The Ever Popular Highbury Barn.
The property offers much character with high ceilings, wood floors and a charming private rear garden.
                                    

                                        Stunning one double bedroom apartment with a large double aspect lounge boasting large sash windows and excellent natural light. The apartment is located within a few minutes of Goodge St tube, Oxford Circus, Covent Garden and Regents Park. The property has been finished to a very high standard with solid wood floors, modern fitted kitchen, modern neutral decor, well maintained period features and modern fittings. The apartment extremely Central London location means that there are excellent amenities including cafes, boutique shops, bars and excellent restaurants.
EPC rating: D
                                    

                                        Short let: A rare opportunity to acquire a first floor three bedroom lateral apartment with balcony and high ceilings in the heart of South Kensington. Air conditioned
                                    

                                        
Summary
A three bedroom family home situated in Worcester Park available from 1st August 2019.
Description
A three bedroom family home situated in Worcester Park available from 1st August 2019. Comprising a light and spacious through lounge, modern family bathrrom and good size kitchen area. Further benefits include off street parking, private garage and secluded garden. Please call today to arrange viewings .
As part of our application process, fees will become due for referencing, tenancy agreement administration and an inventory check, these will be charged in addition to the Rent and Deposit that will be payable before the tenancy starts.
Please contact our Branch for full details of the fees payable before you make any decision about this property or before you decide to view this property. Our Branch staff can provide you with an explanation of how these fees are calculated, please note that the referencing fees are charged per individual and should a Guarantor be required, this would attract additional referencing fees.
While every reasonable effort is made to ensure the accuracy of descriptions and content, we should make you aware of the following guidance or limitations. 
 
(1) money laundering regulations – prospective tenants will be asked to produce identification documentation during the referencing process and we would ask for your co-operation in order that there will be no delay in agreeing a tenancy. 
(2) These particulars do not constitute part or all of an offer or contract. 
(3) The text, photographs and plans are for guidance only and are not necessarily comprehensive. 
(4) Measurements: These approximate room sizes are only intended as general guidance. You must verify the dimensions carefully to satisfy yourself of their accuracy. 
(5) You should make your own enquiries regarding the property, particularly in respect of furnishings to be included/excluded and what parking facilities are available. 
(6) Before you enter into any tenancy for one of the advertised properties, the condition and contents of the property will normally be set out in a tenancy agreement and inventory. Please make sure you carefully read and agree with the tenancy agreement and any inventory provided before signing these documents.
                                    

                                        
Detailed Description
Spacious one bedroom apartment on Vallance road, offering plenty of light and generously sized balcony.
Double bedroom and modern appliances in both the kitchen and bathroom.
Based on Vallance road this property perfect for people looking for quick transit into the city, be it by foot or via the excellent transport links close by, namely: Bethnal Green, Whitechapel Overground and Whitechapel Underground.
Locally you have lots of shops for daily shopping but also an array of bars, restaurants and shops in the very close Brick Lane and Shoreditch High Street.
Perfect for a couple or just someone looking for a bigger space to live in an incredible location!
                                    

                                        Located just off Sipson Road in West Drayton giving you easy access to Heathrow airport is this beautiful Six bedroom House. Well maintained throughout, ample amounts of living space, 2 reception rooms, 2 bathrooms, 5 double bedrooms and 1 single. Fully furnished with wooden flooring and part carpeted. Bright and airy. Added benefits of off street parking and private rear garden. Situated in a great location offering great access to numerous motorways with direct routes to Central London. Transport links, shops, amenities and West Drayton overground all within a short 10 - 15 minute walk away.
                                    

                                        An immaculate one bedroom flat situated on this popular road in the heart of South Norwood.
The flat comprises a light and spacious reception room with ample space for a dining table and a separate kitchen fitted with integrated modern appliances. There is a large master bedroom an immaculate bathroom.
Doyle Road is situated close by to bars, restaurants and local amenities on Portland Road. Transport links are found at Norwood Junction overground station as well as being served by local bus routes.
                                    

                                        Unique one double bedroom ground floor flat with own front door and private walled patio located on this quiet residential street equidistant to Kingston town centre with its busy high street and range of shops and Surbiton town centre known for its mainline station with fast service to London Waterloo.
The property benefits from an immaculately presented open plan kitchen / lounge, large double bedroom, well presented bathroom, ample storage, private front door, own wall patio garden.
Available to view immediately, unfurnished, please enquire for further details.
                                    

                                        Recently refurbished this fantastic four double bedroom split level flat is set on the top two floors of a period building minutes to both Holloway and Finsbury Park Tube Stations. The property benefits from a large open plan kitchen lounge, mix of carpets and wood floors, neutral decor, four good size double bedrooms and ample storage space. Hornsey Road is located just moments from the vast and varied range of shops, bars and restaurants of Holloway Road, while being within easy reach of the fabulous amenities of Camden and Islington.
                                    

                                        Spacious first floor flat in a great central location! Less than five minutes to Enfield Town Train Station and Palace Garden Shopping Centre.
Available from the 1st July is this first floor flat in a quiet cul de sac just behind the Tesco`s in Enfield Town. The flat has two double bedrooms so is ideal for two people sharing or for a small family. There is a colourful fitted kitchen with door to small balcony and stairs to the communal gardens. The bathroom has a white three piece suite with overbath shower.
This flat has gas central heating, double glazing and is available on an unfurnished basis.
                                    

                                        Anthony Fox are pleased to offer this amazing 2 bedroom mid-terrace house located in the heart of Beckton, just minutes away from Beckton DLR Station and local shops and public transport. The property benefits at ground floor level of an open plan reception with fitted kitchen and rear garden. Further on the second floor, the accommodation comprises 2 bedrooms and a family bathroom. Viewings are strongly advised to avoid early disappointment.
                                    

                                        Nce Groups are proud to present a 5 Bedroom House on Bracey Street, Finsbury Park, N4, Available Now.
The property consists of:
- 5 spacious bedrooms
- Lovely reception
- Polished kitchen
- 2 sparkling clean toilets
- 2 bathrooms (one en-suite and one shared)
- Stunning garden
- Part-Furnished
- Surrounding areas that are only few stops away: Holloway, Archway, Crouch Hill, Harringay and Wood Green
- Near Upper Holloway Station, banks, restaurants, Waitrose, Sainsbury's, theatres, restaurants and other local amenities.
- Full-Time working clients
- Part-Time working clients with a Guarantor.
Please email or call to arrange a viewing, thank you.
                                    

                                        We are pleased to offer this newly refurbished 1 bedroom second floor flat situated in a great location close to all amenities and within 10 minutes from Holloway or Finsbury Park tube station. Th property can be offered either furnished or unfurnished, neutrally decorated throughout with wood flooring, modern fitted kitchen and bathroom and available 23rd July 2019
                                    

                                        Top floor two bedroom apartment on Palfrey Place in Oval / Vauxhall SW8. The property comprises two double bedrooms, spacious open plan kitchen/reception room, a modern bathroom and a private balcony. Offered furnished.
                                    

                                        *heating & hot water included in rent*
A large 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment on the sixth floor of prestigious portered block in an excellent location on Baker Street. The kitchen is open plan to the reception room and all three bedrooms are good size doubles with an en suite shower room to the master, as well as a separate shower room off the hallway.
Chiltern Court is a popular and very well managed mansion block on Baker Street, with excellent security and 24 hour porters. Baker Street station is under a 1 minute walk from the property.
Furnished and available July 15th 2019 (flexible to move in earlier as well).
                                    

                                        Jeremy Jacob presents a newly refurbished two bedroom flat on the third floor of this period building, furnished to a high standard.
The flat has two bedrooms, one bathroom and a guest cloakroom. With Lift. Flat is offered furnished.
                                    

                                        Positioned in a popular street within a sought after family orientated community is this four bedroom, two bathroom terraced residence. Mere moments from a host a desirable schools, a selection of transport links are also easily accessible.
The benefits include a driveway, private read garden, rear outbuilding, gas central heating and double glazing throughout.
The ground floor accommodation comprises a spacious, open plan living room with feature fireplace, a stunning kitchen dining room with double doors leading to the large, private rear garden with access to the rear outbuilding.
To the first floor there is a master bedroom with large fitted wardrobes, two further bedrooms and a beautifully appointed bathroom. To the second floor there is a large double bedroom with its own en suite shower room.
Parkfield Avenue is situated in a quiet residential road offering access to popular schools, transport links and parks.
Further Details
Local authority: London Borough of Hillingdon
Council Tax: GBP1460.15 per year (Band D)
                                    

                                        SW16 are proud to present this beautiful 4 double bedrooms house with front and back garden in Fulham. The property comprises of 4 double bedrooms, fully fitted separate kitchen and living area, two bathrooms. Located close to all local amenities and transport links into London.
                                    

                                        Nce Groups are proud to present a 5 Bedroom House on Bracey Street, Wood Green, N15, Available Now.
The property consists of:
- 5 spacious bedrooms
- Lovely reception
- Polished kitchen
- 2 sparkling clean toilets
- 2 bathrooms (one en-suite and one shared)
- Stunning garden
- Part-Furnished
- Surrounding areas that are only few stops away; Holloway, Archway, Crouch Hill, Harringay and Wood Green
- Near Upper Holloway Station, banks, restaurants, Waitrose, Sainsbury's, theatres, restaurants and other local amenities.
- Full-Time working clients
- Part-Time working clients with a Guarantor.
Please email or call to arrange a viewing, thank you.
                                    

                                        A spacious four bedroom split level flat, arranged over two floors as part of this purpose built block overlooking Shoreditch Park. This property offers an easy walking distance of Hoxton Square and Old Street, comprising has four double bedrooms, a spacious reception with access to a private balcony, separate newly fitted kitchen, tiled bathroom and separate WC. Benefits include gas central heating, double glazing, wood floors throughout and ample storage. The property also has a secure entry phone system. With transport links to the city via bus routes and the nearby Old Street Underground station and Hoxton Overground Station.
Furnishings: Furnished/Part Furnished
Available: 30th July 2019
                                    

                                        A well presented three bedroom apartment on the first floor of this secure, gated development. This bright apartment has a separate kitchen and wooden flooring throughout
Horseshoe Close is moments form the Greenwich Foot tunnel and River Thames. Mudchute Park and Farm is also nearby.
                                    

                                        Available mid-end June Two bedroom first floor maisonette with private rear garden located in a cul de sac in Northumberland Heath nearby to local shops and bus routes. The property has been completed redecorated, has a new fitted kitchen with built in oven & hob and also has a new bathroom suite which is white in colour. Further benefits include double glazed windows and a gas central heating system. Erith & District Hospital is nearby as are two Primary Schools. Your inspection is highly recommended.
Entrance Hall
First Floor Landing
Living Room (16'3 x 10'8 widening to 12'2)
Kitchen (9'10 x 8'10)
Bedroom One (14'6 x 8'11)
Bedroom Two (11'8 x 8'10)
Bathroom (5'5 x 5'10)
Private Rear Garden

                                    

                                        This three bedroom family home is in the popular Mallard Place development, the property has an open plan living area, two bathrooms, a landscaped garden, garage and driveway.
Mallard Place is an award winning riverside development on Strawberry Vale in Twickenham. The location is idyllic and the property is easily accessible to Strawberry Hill, Twickenham and Teddington mainline stations.
                                    

                                        Living Space are pleased to offer a studio flat on the second floor situated in a great location in Barnsbury and within 5-10 minutes from Highbury & Islington tube. The property is offered either furnished, neutrally decorated throughout, modern bathroom, great flat and available now. £205 pw including all bills with Wi-Fi but except electricity. Available 25th June 2019
                                    

                                        This charming and spacious 290 Sq Ft studio apartment is situated on the 7th Floor of Sloane Avenue Mansions on Chelsea's Sloane Avenue, and within minutes of The King's Road.
The property consists of spacious accommodation that includes a living & bedroom area, a well-equipped Fully Fitted Kitchen, Washer/Dryer and a Bathroom with both a bath & shower attachment.
The apartment boasts outstanding views across London. Residents benefit from 24 Hour Porter Services, 2 Lifts, and an additional Laundry Room for large loads and convenience.
Sloane Avenue Mansions is located within a 5-8 minute walk of South Kensington & Sloane Square Stations.
Walton Street is also nearby and offers residents a variety of shops, restaurants, cafes & pubs.
Offered on a furnished basis, the rent also includes Hot Water & Heating.
                                    

                                        This is a unique and beautifully decorated two bedroom freehold house, with generous ceiling heights, situated in the heart of Belgravia. It is very well positioned for the shops and restaurants of Lower Belgrave Street and Elizabeth Street, plus the excellent transport facilities of Victoria.
Consisting of Master Bedroom with En Suite Bathroom, further Bedroom with En Suite Shower Room, Reception Room, Sitting Room/Study and Open−Plan Kitchen/Dining Room.
                                    

                                        Lawsons and Daughters are proud to introduce this stunning one bedroom apartment in Roehampton. This lovely apartment has been recently refurbished throughout and does benefit from wooden flooring. Property comprises of a descent size double room, huge separate reception room, separate fully fitted Kitchen - with integrated appliances, and a modern bathroom.
Available from the 20th of May 2019, the property comes fully furnished.
                                    

                                        Martin and Co Streatham are proud to present this stunning three bedroom maisonette with garden in Streatham Hill.
Newly refurbished throughout, split over two floors the property boasts three bedrooms (two double, one large single), separate living room, high quality integrated kitchen units (Gas cooker, Fridge/Freezer and Dishwisher), three piece bathroom suite, spacious living and breakfast bar over looking the garden.
Located close to Streatham Hill Station with great direct transport links into London Victoria & London Bridge.
Additional feature: Free parking, great local amenities, offered unfurnished. Perfect for family or sharers. Viewings highly recommended.
Available: Now
Call today to arrange your viewing
                                    

                                        Property located in
                                    

                                        This fantastic studio has recently undergone a total refurbishment and offers a lot more living space than your average studio apartment.
The apartment is flooded with natural light and boasts a large modern bathroom and good built in storage.
Located a short walk from all of the shops and amenitites that the area offers, you have a selection of bus routes to Shepherds Bush where you can also get the Central Line into the city.
                                    

                                        Henleys are pleased to offer the market this charming two bedroom house located on this quite cul-de-sac of Tawny Close in West Ealing. The property boasts two large bedrooms, a spacious family reception room, downstairs washroom and a family bathroom upstairs. The property further benefits from street parking and a large rear garden. An internal viewing his highly recommended. EPC Rating C.
                                    

                                        Nil deposit available
A one bedroom purpose built apartment situated on a popular development in Mill Hill near the shopping facilities, various eateries and transport links of Mill Hill Broadway.
The apartment is on the first floor and comprises of a spacious semi open plan kitchen/living room,
double bedroom and a modern family bathroom.
Further benefits include on allocated parking space and additional parking on an ad-hoc basis.
Sorry, no pets.
                                    

                                        SW16 are proud to present this beautiful 2 bedrooms flat with balcony in Sutton. The property comprises of 2 double bedrooms, fully fitted kitchen/diner and 2 bathrooms and private parking. The property is within minutes walk to shops and transport links to London.***Extra cost of £50pcm service charge for car park and maintenance will apply!***
                                    

                                        A well presented first floor 2 bedroom maisonette situated in a cul-de-sac moments from Finchley Central Tube Station. Offered in excellent condition throughout this property offers attractive lounge with open planned kitchen, fully tiled modern bathroom suite, double glazing, gas central heating, & laminate wooden floors throughout. Additional benefits include off street parking for 2 cars, own entrance and loft for storage.
                                    

                                        A well presented two bedroom apartment located on the third floor of this period build just south of Hyde Park in Knightsbridge. This perfectly configured west facing apartment is fully available on a furnished basis.
                                    

                                        New City Estates are happy to present a 1 Bedroom Flat located in Ilford on Wanstead Park Road, IG1, Available Now.
Property consists of:
- 1 large bedroom
- Comfy reception
- Very clean kitchen and bathroom
- Part-Furnished
- Near Ilford Tube Station and Manor Park Station
- Surrounding area includes: Sainsbury's, Wilko, Marks & Spencers, Lidl, post office, shopping centres and restaurants
- All bills included
- Full-Time working clients
- Part-Time working clients with guarantor
- Students accepted
Please call or email to arrange a viewing, thank you.
                                    

                                        Btc are delighted to offer a recently made first floor maisonette in Edmonton Green, N9. The property benefits from; 2 x large double rooms, fitted carpet, flooring throughout, large modern tiled bathroom, separate kitchen with modern fixtures and fitted appliances, gas central heating, double glazing, on street resident parking, flexible on furniture requirements, part dss with guarantor considered.
Within walking distance of Edmonton Green Shopping Center & Edmonton Green over ground station and bus depot.
Call btc today to arrange your viewings
                                    

                                        Nce Groups are proud to present, a clean Double Room, in a Shared Accommodation, located in Beckton, Dewberry Gardens, E6 5UG, Available from the 31st of May.
Property Consists:
- Exquisite large double room
- Very clean property throughout
- Property is a 3 Bed House with 2 tenants occupied
- Based on the First Floor
- Furnished and Spacious
- Big Garden
- All Bills Included
- Wi-Fi available
- Near local schools, library and Newham Leisure centre
- Supermarkets include Lidl and Asda; both in walking distances
- Near Beckton DLR
- 5 minutes drive to Canning Town Station
- Available end of the month (May 31st)
- Full-Time clients only
- Part Time/DSS considered
- Students Accepted
Please call or email to book a viewing.
Thanks, nce Groups.
                                    

                                        A larger than average, 800+ sq ft, modern one bedroom apartment situated in the popular Mosaic development along Narrow Street in Limehouse. The property benefits from a fantastic open plan lounge and kitchen with ample space for entertaining, large l-shaped balcony with south facing views over the central courtyard, large double bedroom with a fabulous walk-in wardrobe providing ample storage, modern bathroom with a walk-in shower, secure underground parking space, 24 hour concierge and is within walking distance of Limehouse DLR station and Canary Wharf.
                                    

                                        
Full
 
description
 A spacious and luxury 2 bedroom second floor apartment in 'The Fold' development. Situated close to all local amenities including: Schools, shops, high street, bus route and Sidcup mainline train station. The property benefits from gas central heating, double glazing, lift, video phone entry system, neutral decor and has been finished to a very high standard throughout. The accommodation comprises: Entrance hall. Storage cupboard with washer / dryer. Spacious lounge with laminate flooring which is open plan to kitchen. Modern kitchen fitted with a range of modern wall and base units, work surfaces, stainless steel sink, fridge / freezer and dishwasher. 2 x good size bedrooms with carpet and fitted wardrobes. The master bedroom also benefits from an en suite shower room with hand basin, heated towel rail, shower cubicle and W.C. Luxury bathroom with hand basin, bath with overbath shower and W.C. Externally there is a communal roof terrace with views of London and Kent. There is also an allocated parking space (external location). Available: Early August. Restrictions: No pets, smokers, students or housing benefit. Children are at the landlord's discretion.
                                    

                                        Lawson Rutter is very pleased to offer this large first floor three bedroom flat set on the popular Fulham Palace Road. The property comprises of three double bedrooms, reception room, modern kitchen and bathroom. The accommodation is located very closely to local amenities; 8 minutes walk to Putney Bridge underground station with bus links close by. The property is offered furnished and is available on the 7th July.
Council Tax 2015/16 band E
EPC band D
Please note that all offers are subject to the following fees; Admin Fee - £225.00 per property, Reference Fee - £45.00 per person. If a guarantor is required this will be charged at an additional cost of £45.00 per guarantor.
                                    

                                        Beautifully appointed apartment in St Pancras Chambers. With carefully restored original features, concierge facility and modern fittings throughout whilst being only seconds from St. Pancras International.
This beautiful duplex apartment offers an abundance of space and natural light throughout. The property comprises; Master bedroom with en-suite bathroom. Additional double bedroom. Spacious open plan kitchen/reception with a mezzanine and exposed beams. The family bathroom has also been finished to a modern standard.
                                    

                                        A characterful and large one bedroom apartment located in the centre of West Hampstead. This ground floor flat benefits from period features throughout, high ceilings, bright reception room, separate kitchen, bedroom with fitted storage and three piece bathroom. Available from the 18th July on an unfurnished basis. The property is located ideally for the transport links of West Hampstead including Jubilee Line, Thameslink & Overground Services.
                                    

                                        
Detailed Description
A large 700 Sq ft two bedroom two bathroom apartment situated in the heart of St Johns Wood on this quiet desirable road.
The apartment offers spacious living and entertaining space as well as two large bedrooms, two bathrooms and a modern separate kitchen.
Further benefits included access to a communal garden and just a few minutes’ walk to all local amenities.
                                    

                                        Charming studio flat in Thornton Heath. Water rates included. Furnished or part-furnished.
Moving Inn are proud to present this charming studio flat located on Brigstock Road in Thornton Heath.
- Large studio with 27sqm total floor area
- Good size living room with a kitchenette
- En-suite bathroom
- Water rates included
- Furnished or part-furnished
- Close to local amenities and transport links
- Minutes walk to Thornton Heath br station which serves Streatham common, Balham, Clapham Junction, London Victoria, London Bridge and many others
- Good location for Mayday Hospital and West Croydon shopping centres
- Great bus service with bus routes: 50,130,198,250,450,663
- EPC rating: C
Notice: All photographs are provided for guidance only.
Portuguese and Spanish speakers available in office.
                                    

                                        Very nice 1 bedroom first floor unfurnished flat in A sought after location only 10 minutes walk to south woodford central line tube station and locals shops restaurants and bars. The property benefits from many fine features including gas central heating, double glazing, rear garden, own entrance door and A nice bright aspect.
Some furniture may be available to purchase from the current tenants.
                                    

                                        
Detailed Description
Newly decorated studio apartment located on the first floor of the lovely Period building in Hillfield Road. Benefiting from high ceilings, a large bay with sash windows, wood flooring and shower room. Gas & water rates are included in the rent. There is also complimentary wifi.
Hillfield Road is a lovely residential street within a few minutes' walk of West End Lane and the numerous cafes, restaurants and transport links of West Hampstead.
                                    

                                        
Detailed Description
A newly decorated larger than average 4 double bedroom on the 2nd floor situated above a library in the heart of Oakwood being moments from Oakwood (Picc. Line) tube station, shops and bus links.
                                    

                                        
Detailed Description
London Estates present to the market this 3/4 double bedroom apartment in central Chiswick boasting a separate kitchen and shower room, good size bedrooms and a study room. The property is within half a mile from the amenities of Chiswick High Road, Chiswick Park underground station and Chiswick House and Gardens.
                                    